# bigmactest
Created for Mr. Casey Stein, who loves cheeseburgers.

What follows is our “Big Mac” test.  The project you create for this should have both a server and a client component.  Ideally this will be done use Node and React.  I would prefer that however you do this, when you give me the code, I can just run “npm start” or “yarn start" to spin it up and see the results in action.  I’m going to be looking at code style, quality, unit tests, etc.

Use the free API "IP Vigilante" to resolve the user's IP address to a country
- Docs: https://www.ipvigilante.com/api-developer-docs/

Lookup the country of the user in the this dataset: https://github.com/zelima/big-mac-index/blob/master/data/big-mac-index.csv
- I would take the data from that CSV and cache it somehow instead of loading the CSV on each page load.

Pick another country off that same list A) At random and B) other than the country of the user

UI: Values in brackets need to be generated by code
---------------------------
Top 1/3 of page
You are in [COUNTRY]
Please enter an amount of money in your local currency - [Input Field]
---------------------------------
Middle 1/3 of page - local results
You could buy [#] of Big Macs in your country
Your Dollar Purchasing Parity (PPP) is [#]
This is a simple lookup to the table
----------------------------------
Bottom 1/3 of page - Results compared to random country
Random Country: [RANDOM COUNTRY]
You could buy [#] of Big Macs in [RAND COUNTRY] with [INPUT]!
(calculation is (INPUT / local price) * (local dollar price / RAND COUNTRY dollar price)
Your [INPUT] is worth about [#] in [RAND COUNTRY]
(Calculation is [INPUT] * (local dollar price / RAND COUNTRY dollar price))
-----------------------------------
